template/README.md, before:

# SB Admin rewritten in Angular7 and Material2

Simple Dashboard Admin App built using Angular 7 and Material 2.

This project is a port of the famous Free Admin Bootstrap Theme [SB Admin v1.0](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/sb-admin-2/) to Angular6 Theme.

## [Demo](http://rawgit.com/start-javascript/sb-admin-material/master/dist/)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

### Introduction

Provides fast, reliable and extensible starter for the development of Angular projects.

`sb-admin-material` provides the following features:

*   Developed using Material-v2.0.0
*   angular-v7.1.0
*   angular/cli-v7.0.6
*   angular/material-v7.1.0
*   angular/cdk-v7.1.0
*   angular/flex-layout-v7.0.0-beta.19
*   [ngx-translate-v11.0.1](https://github.com/ngx-translate)
*   Following the best practices.
*   Ahead-of-Time compilation support.
*   Official Angular i18n support.
*   Production and development builds.
*   Tree-Shaking production builds.

### How to start

**Note** that this seed project requires **node >=v8.9.0 and npm >=6**.

In order to start the project use:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/start-javascript/sb-admin-material.git
$ cd sb-admin-material
# install the project's dependencies
$ npm install
# watches your files and uses livereload by default run `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
$ npm start
# prod build, will output the production application in `dist`
# the produced code can be deployed (rsynced) to a remote server
$ npm run build
```

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

New version with Angular 7 and Material 2 (#17)
* reading db with tests

* fix warnings

* change dataset to object

* return typed result

* add newrelic to docker

* fix and refactor

* fix

* handle not found response

* default menu working

* refactor

* refactor

* refactor

* menu updated

* add tests

* some changes of the old front

* fix routing for spa

* new template

* working version with docker

* add spanish language and remove some old stuff

* enforce https for prod

* enforce https

* fix package name

* add clean script

* update template readme

* complete readme

* auth service integrated

* login fixed

* fix app.json path

* refactor

* working

* refactor

* refactor

* multi languages messages in login

* readme update

template/README.md, after:

# AdmInmuebles Angular7 and Material2 Web App

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

### Introduction

Include the following features:

*   Developed using Material-v2.0.0
*   angular-v7.1.0
*   angular/cli-v7.0.6
*   angular/material-v7.1.0
*   angular/cdk-v7.1.0
*   angular/flex-layout-v7.0.0-beta.19
*   [ngx-translate-v11.0.1](https://github.com/ngx-translate)
*   Following the best practices.
*   Ahead-of-Time compilation support.
*   Official Angular i18n support.
*   Production and development builds.
*   Tree-Shaking production builds.

### How to start

**Note** that this seed project requires **node >=v8.9.0 and npm >=6**.

In order to start the project use:

```bash
# install the project's dependencies
$ npm install
# watches your files and uses livereload by default run `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:5000/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
$ npm start
# prod build, will output the production application in `dist`
# the produced code can be deployed (rsynced) to a remote server
$ npm run build
```

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).



## Developer notes

* User session will be stored in auth.service and will use the same user object for social and for integrated login
* Docker ready
* Heroku ready
* Multilanguage feature enabled so all text must be on 'template\src\assets\i18n' folder

### Next features

* Customer on boarding
* Condos selection screen
* Common menu and user profile
